---
layout: post
title: My Journey into Web Development 
---

  Deciding what I wanted to pursue for a career has always been a challenge to me. I always envied those who knew years before graduating high school the exact path they were going to take moving forward. I had a friend who knew early on that he wanted to be a doctor of Physical Therapy. He is now working as exactly this and doing very well for himself. I wished I could be so sure of myself and my career path. 
  
  I had little to no idea what I wanted to pursue coming out of high school. There were so many things I found interest in and narrowing it down was quite the chore. I come from a family of teachers and this steered me toward a major in education. This is where I started, but not even close to where I ended. From there I changed my major to Russian, then to a 5-year program to come out with a masters in Clinical Psychology, from there I changed it to Interdisciplinary Studies and lastly settled on Criminology. My settling on this choice was simply due to an elective I took that I found fascinating. Needless to say, I was all over the map. I knew I wanted an education but making the choice came as somewhat of a challenge to me. 

  After finishing university, I found that this degree, being very broad, did not lead me to any jobs I was interested in. I worked in insurance for a few year and found no satisfaction in doing this. I worked some odd and end jobs after leaving insurance and from there began working in the Finance industry. I began my profession in finance with the mindset that this was it. I had finally found something that I could make a career out of, enjoy and be proud of. I shortly found that this was not the case. Although interesting, I found it was not for me. After much debate and with the support of my husband, I left after two years. I found a job as a personal assistant and also began looking into going back to school. I looked into a few different Masters program but had no peace about pursuing any of the options. I felt lost and had no idea where to move toward next. It was at this time that my father reminded of the interest I had mentioned several years earlier in the field of web-development. It was something that I dismissed at the time, as I did not feel I had the proper background to pursue it and thus doubted my ability to be successful. After speaking with my father and receiving encouragement from both him and my husband, I decided to go for it. 

  This entire journey is what has lead me to where I am today; currently a student at Bloc pursuing my career in Web Development. Thus far, Web Development has been many things for me: exciting, challenging, frustrating, but most of all, rewarding. Through my experience, I have found that with much determination I can do anything I set my mind to. I am excited to continue my journey and see where it takes me.

